Hey, hey, who are you?
Who let you in?
Dare to call me Lao Tzu in front of Lin Shao
Oops, do you think you are senior when you are old?
This is the head of the Zhang family
When did you go to the supermarket to have a family owner?
It is the main imperial capital of the Zhang family in the imperial capital
Map
A bunch of useless things
The head of the Zhang family fights and visits
What advice do you have?
I'm looking for him.
Cockroach took the liberty to ask
Who asked you to help me fan those negative news?
Lu Xiao is enough
This brat has a lot of guts
Come and negotiate terms with me
Cockroach Lu Xiao doesn't speak well
Don't mind.
I seem to be so two
Nice little girl
Better than your mother
You don't look alike, do you?
I really don't know if it's my biological mother and daughter
By the way, little girl
Didn't you say there was news about the Yellowstone bracelet?
Let's take a step to talk
Lu Xingxing is the head of the Zhang family
That's a fart too
I pretend to be a Black Panther every day
This bad old man still has this matter?
Hmph, this kid's guts are too fat
Find a chance to expose him
Lest he take the Zhang family against us
But what is the head of the Zhang family doing with Luonan?
The Zhang family lost a yellow stone and couldn't find it in their hands
But Ruonan said he had seen
Are you the weak guy?
Where did you go?
I blocked my head for a while, what am I going to do with the stall?